OK
I wish the commander-in-chief Fu Ru Donghai
Shoubi Nanshan is better
I thought I heard you discussing something just now.
Commander-in-Chief, I didn't want to say
After all, family ugliness should not be publicized
But I couldn't help it.
He, my wife, Lin Jingyu
Didn't come home last night
I followed Li Feiyu back home
You say this is really outrageous
Gu Beichen
Your ability to beat the rake is quite strong, isn't it?
Hit the rake
Then dare you tell me what you did yesterday?
Why wouldn't I dare?
All yesterday even
It was sent back to my Lin family by the leader of Yuri Gang
You know that
And even framed the goldfish
You little guy always loves
That's too much.
Brother Beichen
I have never done anything to apologize to Sister Jingyun
Instead, it was Sister Jingyun
Since I entered my aunt's house
Keep targeting me
as a last resort
To become a brother
Oops, you two are so shameless
It's so beautiful.
Gu Beichen, just say what you want to do
You don't have to beat around the bush.
Then I'll just say it today
I invite you to bear witness.
I, Gu Beichen
I'm going to leave you today, Lin Jingyun.